What is promo mix modelling? 
Market Mix Modeling (MMM) is a technique which helps in quantifying the impact of several marketing inputs on sales or Market Share. The purpose of using MMM is to understand how much each marketing input contributes to sales, and how much to spend on each marketing input.
What is return on investment? 
Return on Investment (ROI) is a performance measure used to evaluate the efficiency of an investment or compare the efficiency of a number of different investments. ROI tries to directly measure the amount of return on a particular investment, relative to the investment’s cost.
what is mean absolute percentage error? 
The mean absolute percentage error, also known as mean absolute percentage deviation, is a measure of prediction accuracy of a forecasting method in statistics, for example in trend estimation, also used as a loss function for regression problems in machine learning.
How MMM helps businesses? 
MMM helps in the ascertaining the effectiveness of each marketing input in terms of Return on Investment by using regression techniques. https://towardsdatascience.com/market-mix-modeling-mmm-101-3d094df976f9
Why is mape preferred over mae or rmse? 
MAPE has a clear intrepretation of error as mae but in the terms of percentage which are easy for people to understand. https://www.dataquest.io/blog/understanding-regression-error-metrics/
what is a linear model and why it is widely used ? 
Linear model is used to find the linear relatonship of independent variable which is qualitative with the dependent variable and it is widely preferred as the output can be intrepreted by the human. https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/mathematics/linear-models
what is log linear model? 
Loglinear models are a class of probability models commonly used to analyze relationships involving discrete variables. https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/medicine-and-dentistry/loglinear-model 
what is mixed effects models? 
Mixed-effects regression models are a powerful tool for linear regression models when your data contains global and group-level trends  and provide a framework for smoothing global and group level trends. https://towardsdatascience.com/using-mixed-effects-models-for-linear-regression-7b7941d249b
what is fixed effects models? 
A fixed effects model is a statistical model in which the model parameters are fixed or non-random quantities. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fixed_effects_model
What is ROI? 
Its full form is return in investments and its profitability measure that evaluates the performance of a business by dividing net profit by net worth. https://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/return-on-investment-roi
What is Advertising Adstock Theory? 
AAT theory suggests that there is a delay of this trip from point A to point B. So, the speed of getting consumers from point A to point B is not immediate but in fact, it has a lag. https://medium.com/@Marko_Mi/advertising-adstock-theory-85cc9e26ea0e
What is DW statistics? 
The Durbin Watson Test is a measure of autocorrelation (also called serial correlation) in residuals from regression analysis. https://www.statisticshowto.datasciencecentral.com/durbin-watson-test-coefficient/
what is vif and its significance? 
Variance Inflation Factor(VIF) detects multicollinearity in regression analysis.as its presence can adversely affect your regression results. The VIF estimates how much the variance of a regression coefficient is inflated due to multicollinearity in the model. https://www.statisticshowto.datasciencecentral.com/variance-inflation-factor/
What is r square? 
It is the percentage of the response variable variation that is explained by a linear model. https://blog.minitab.com/blog/adventures-in-statistics-2/regression-analysis-how-do-i-interpret-r-squared-and-assess-the-goodness-of-fit
What is marginal roi? 
Marginal ROI models focus on the predicted increase in revenue from an increase in spending, so what your next unit of budget will deliver. https://econsultancy.com/how-marginal-roi-tells-you-where-to-spend-your-digital-marketing-budget/
Hi? 
Hello
What is Ad stocking?
Promotion typically has carry-over effects beyond when the promotion takes place. Adstocking helps us identify the optimum carry over of marketing activities estimated and modelled to measure short-term and long-term impact * Short term: during the time of the promotion * Long term: delayed/lagged effect, Build awareness over time among physicians, Repeat Rx Typical Adstock methods use either forward weighting, simple exponential decay or negative exponential decay methods"
What is Fractional Root?
This is a transformation applied for diminishing returns measurement
What is incremental contribution?
Incremental sales refers to that proportion of sales which is driven by promotional investment
What is baseline sales?
Baseline refers to the sales from carry over sales from previous years, competitor activity and brand perceptions/preference, seasonality and trend etc.
What are the benchmarks for baseline and incremental sales?
"There are number of factors that influence baseline and incremental sales. Lower baseline (50-60%) is seen for products for products that are in their growth phase or highly competitive markets. As the brand matures and establishes itself, the baseline is seen to increase closer to 80-90%"
How do I find a good model?
Estimation of best possible econometric relationship is guided by model metrics such as R-sqaure and MAPE (average error). A value of R-square closer to 1 indicates a better model, while a MAPE closer to zero indicates low error and hence a better model.
What is response curve?
A response curve is a graphical expression of the relationship between marketing activity and returns. Response curves starts from origin. Therefore, zero promotion would lead to zero impactable sales

